---
title: 1.3.1.1 - April 12, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.3.1.1 - April 12, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.3.1.1 - April 12, 2025 </p>

**Removals:**
- Removed Animated Pipboy Light.
- Removed Consumables Widget until this can be more thoroughly profiled and stress tested.

**Changes:**
- Removed kNVSE animations for the Chainsaws, Rippers, and Industrial Hand. The teeth on the Chainsaws and Rippers were not animated and the Industrial Hand animations would break with B42 animations.
- Changed the kNVSE animations for the Service Rifle, Assault Carbine, Marksman Carbine, and their uniques to Hitman’s animations.
- Changed the challenge description of White Line Nightmare ** to reference Pitt Raiders since they count towards the challenge.
- Added notes outside both Mobile Truck Base locations to answer various user questions.
- Added two stimpaks and two moonshines at the starting location in Havasu.
- Changed night/thermal vision hotkey to N.
  
**Fixes:**
- Restored walk/run toggle to caps lock.
- Fixed various shader and texture related abnormalities.
- Fixed Mama Dulces door to nowhere.
- Fixed mines clipping into the ground at Minefield.
- Fixed floating road outside Springvale elementary.
- Fixed clipping rubble in Grayditch Sewer.
- Fixed floating litter outside of Vault 101.
- Fixed Enclave being able to spawn with Bozars.
- Fixed Chevy Chase terrain abnormalities.
- Fixed inappropriate LOD rendering.
- Fixed duplicated dialogue options.
- Fixed broken Night Vision (please note the new hotkey is N).

**Additions:**
- Added Modern Old Mormon Fort.
- Added DC Humbles You.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated Vanilla Placement Fixes to version 1.7.
- Updated Faction Wasteland Presence to version 5.3.
- Updated Havasu Blues - Tweaks Fixes and Additions to version 0.15.
- Updated Desert Natural Creatures to version 1.2.2.
- Updated Another Ghoul Variant Mod to version 1.3b.
- Updated PARCS TTW Pack Of Arcs Random Creatures 'N Stuff to version 1.2.
- Updated New Vegas Animation Overhaul (NVAO) - Throwverhaul to version 1.1.
- Updated Minefield Mine Clip Fix - TTW to version 1.1.
- Updated Simple AI Merge - No Guard Rails to version 0.3.3.4d.
- Updated Abandoned Safehouse to version 5.0.
- Updated Dynamic Interaction Prompts to version 1.4.
- Updated The Great DC Interior Overhaul to version 1.2.2.
- Updated to Modern Night Vision 4.0.1.


**Uranium Haze and Soft AF Updates:**
  - Uranium Haze:
    - Changed flashlight to no longer be tethered to weapon to prevent various abnormal interactions.
    - Reduced the intensity of flashlights in various locations.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/updating/) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.3.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.3.0.0 versions, a **NEW SAVE** is **REQUIRED**. Subsequent updates remain save-safe unless otherwise specified.
- **OLD - 1.3.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.3.0.0 versions, manually download the newest version of [xNVSE](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/67883?tab=files&file_id=1000145145&nmm=1), then extract the contents of the archive into the `[NoDelete] Stock New Vegas folder`, selecting `replace` in the following prompts.
- **OLD - 1.3.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.3.0.0 versions, **PRIOR TO UPDATING**, rename `[NoDelete] NVR (VLQ) (LQ)` to `[NoDelete] [VLQ] [LQ] - New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)`. If this step is missed, this can be remedied by deleting the newly installed `[NoDelete] [VLQ] [LQ] - New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)`, completing the renaming process (the old file will now be located at the bottom of the load order), then restoring backup at the top of Mod Organizer 2.
- **OLD - 1.3.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.3.0.0 versions, **PRIOR TO UPDATING**, rename `[NoDelete] Tale of Two Wastelands` to `[NoDelete] [DB] Tale of Two Wastelands (TTW)`. If this step is missed, this can be remedied by deleting the newly installed `[NoDelete] [DB] Tale of Two Wastelands (TTW)` mod and completing the renaming process (the old file will now be located at the bottom of the load order), then restoring backup at the top of Mod Organizer 2.
- **OLD - 1.3.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.3.0.0 versions, **MOD AUTHORS** should move `GECK.exe` from the `Uranium Fever` folder to the `[NoDelete] Stock New Vegas` folder. This step can be ignored by normal users.
- **OLD - 1.3.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.3.0.0 versions, **SCREEN SHOTTERS** should navigate to `Uranium Fever > [NoDelete] Stock New Vegas` and create a Screenshots folder.
- **OLD - 1.3.1.0**: For updates from pre-1.3.1.0 versions, manually download the newest version of [DXVK](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/79299?tab=files&file_id=1000149635), then extract the contents of the archive into the `[NoDelete] Stock New Vegas folder`, selecting `replace` in the following prompts.

- **NEW - 1.3.1.1**: For updates from pre-1.3.1.0 versions, repeat the [Installing New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/setupinstructions/#-installing-new-vegas-reloaded-nvr-) instructions to update the mod to the newest version. 

 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the UF-screen-archery Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page!
- Use the command `?rank Uranium Fever User` in the `uf-discussion channel` Discord channel to receive update notifications on Discord.
