---
title: 1.4.2.1a - July 20, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.4.2.1a - July 20, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.4.2.1a - July 20, 2025 </p>

**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, Hardercore, and Softercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - Made further brightness adjustments across all world spaces following additional feedback.

# <p align="center"> 1.4.2.1 - July 19, 2025 </p>

**Changes:**
- Reduced the intensity of Height Randomizer settings.
- Changed the name of the Apocalyptic Storms quest to be more lore-appropriate.
- Reduced the intensity of Apocalyptic Storms radiation and health damage.

**Fixes:**
- Fixed double Washington Monuments.
- Fixed missing Zion Trail LOD.

**Additions:**
- Added Sweet Universal Water Bottling Patch, which now requires a cap to bottle and abraxo cleaner to clean bottles for bottling of purified water.
- Added ySI - Additional Icons.
- Added ySI - Additional Icons - Colorful.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated Greenhouse Rehoused to version 1.01.
- Updated Modern Night Vision to version 4.3.
- Updated Real Weapon Mods Rebalanced to version 1.07.

**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, Hardercore, and Softercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - Following feedback of washed out colors, made some significant changes to tone mapping and compensatory changes to brightness to accommodate.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.4.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.2**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.2 version, AMD users should follow the [Disabling Ultra Low Power State (ULPS)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-amd-users---disabling-ultra-low-power-state-ulps-) instructions.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.3**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.3 versions, repeat the [Installing New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-installing-new-vegas-reloaded-nvr-) instructions to update the mod to the newest version.
- **OLD - 1.4.1.0**: For For updates from pre-1.4.1.0 versions, download the [YUPTTW Update](https://mod.pub/ttw/133/files) update and extract the contents into the `Modding > Uranium Fever > Mods > [NoDelete] [DB] Tale of Two Wastelands (TTW)` folder, selecting `Copy and Replace` when prompted.
- **OLD - 1.4.2.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.2.0 versions, download the [xNVSE Update](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/67883?tab=files&file_id=1000154821), extract it into your `Downloads` folder, then move all files **EXCEPT** the `Data` folder into the `Modding > Uranium Fever > [NoDelete] Stock New Vegas` folder, selecting `Replace` when prompted.

 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page or on reddit!
