---
title: 1.4.1.1 - July 7, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.4.1.1 - July 7, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.4.1.1 - July 7, 2025 </p>

**Removals:**
- Removed Lumen - Skinned Meshes NV Version, which is no longer necessary.
- Removed Robco Lights, which is no longer necessary.

**Changes:**
- Altered Directional Sneak Indicator INI to provide clearer color identity (green is undetected, yellow is caution, red is danger and detected).
- Reduced intensity of NPC Spring settings.

**Fixes:**
- Fixed permanent slow motion bug.
- Fixed see through train tracks in ZIon Trail.
- Fixed various Point Lookout specific crashes.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated xNVSE to version 6.4.0.0b.
- Updated Crafting and Repair Animations to version 1.3.
- Updated Lumen - Skinned Meshes - TTW Version to version 2.0.2.
- Updated Melee Hitstop Effects to version 1.08.
- Updated Main and Pause Menus Overhaul to version 6.2.2.
- Updated Vanilla Plus Terrain to version 1.0.2.
- Updated STARS to version 3.04.
- Updated Missile Launcher Scope Change - TOTNW to version 2.0.
- Updated Advanced 3rd Person Camera to version 1.043.
- Updated Capital Wasteland Settlements Redesign to version 1.5.
- Updated Enhanced Movement to version 1.28a.
- Updated Aid Addon to version 13.60.
- Updated Immersive Sleeping Encounters to version 2.0.3.
- Updated Immersive Fast Travel Encounters to version 3.0.7.
- Updated Decent Rubble Piles Add-on to version 1.12.
- Updated Tale of Two Landscapes to version 2.01.
- Updated Tale of Two Landscapes - Bad Touch Patch  to version 2.01.
- Updated 3D Trash to version 1.1.
- Updated Explosion Reactions to version 1.2.
- Updated Screen Blood Enhanced to version 1.5.
- Updated Helmet Overlay - Animation Addon to version 1.1.
- Updated Aim Collision Indicator to version 1.6.
- Updated Character Build Presets to version 1.6.
- Updated Casino Rewards Fix to version 1.1 .
- Updated Companion Map Icons to version 1.7.
- Updated Gas Trap Performance Fix to version 1.5.
- Updated Local Map Overhaul to version 2.8.
- Updated PipBoy UI Tweaks to version 4.1.
- Updated Directional Sneak Indicator to version 1.7.
- Updated 3D Grenade Indicator to version 2.2.
- Updated Item Cards to version 3.1.
- Updated Crafting XP to version 1.9.
- Updated Sleep Wait Hardcore Needs to version 2.6.
- Updated ySI - Contextual Prompts to version 2.8.
- Updated Bad Touch NVSE - Extended to version 1.8.
- Updated Radiation Visuals to version 3.1.
- Updated Modern Night Vision to version 4.2.
- Updated Sweet Consumables to version 16.11.

**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, and Hardercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - Significantly revised Honest Hearts.
  - Significantly revised Zion Trails.
  - Significantly revised Old World Blues.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.4.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.2**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.2 version, AMD users should follow the [Disabling Ultra Low Power State (ULPS)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-amd-users---disabling-ultra-low-power-state-ulps-) instructions.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.3**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.3 versions, repeat the [Installing New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-installing-new-vegas-reloaded-nvr-) instructions to update the mod to the newest version.
- **OLD - 1.4.1.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.1.0 versions, download the [YUPTTW Update](https://mod.pub/ttw/133/files) update and extract the contents into the `Modding > Uranium Fever > Mods > [NoDelete] [DB] Tale of Two Wastelands (TTW)` folder, selecting `Copy and Replace` when prompted.
- **NEW - 1.4.1.1**: For updates from pre-1.4.1.1 versions, download the [xNVSE Update](https://www.nexusmods.com/Core/Libs/Common/Widgets/DownloadPopUp?id=1000154380&game_id=130), extract it into your `Downloads` folder, then move all files **EXCEPT** the `Data` folder into the `Modding > Uranium Fever > [NoDelete] Stock New Vegas` folder, selecting `Replace` when prompted.


 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page!
