---
title: 1.4.0.1 - June 6, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.4.0.1 - June 6, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.4.0.1 - June 6, 2025 </p>

**Removals:**
- Removed Enhanced FOV, as a conflict with NVR was causing the transparent hands bug.
- Removed NMCs Solar Battery Retexture, replaced by Solar Reflectors Revised.

**Fixes:**
- Fixed invisible hands when holding weapons.
- Fixed Life After Death not being disabled.
- Fixed permadeath being erroneously omitted.
- Fixed launch crash to desktop by replacing Enhanced 3rd Person Camera with the plugin containing version.

**Additions:**
-  Added Solar Reflectors Revised.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated Apocalyptic Storms to version 1.2.3, which improves the delay prior to onset of storms and prevents the storms from happening back to back.
- Updated TTW Fallout 3 LOD to version 1.7.
- Updated VanGraff Ownership to version 1.7.
- Updated Goodies to version 2.2.1.
- Updated FPGE - Functional Post Game Ending to version 8.1.
- Updated Life After Death to version 1.0.1.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating/) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.4.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.

 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page!
- Use the command `?rank Uranium Fever User` in the `uf-discussion channel` Discord channel to receive update notifications on Discord.
