---
title: 1.4.0.5 - June 23, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.4.0.5 - June 23, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.4.0.5 - June 23, 2025 </p>

**Changes:**
- Rebalanced alcohol from Havasu Blues to be more inline with the rest of the alcohol in UF.
- Added a bullet time AP initiation cost.
- Replaced the Replica Chinese Assault Rifle in Havasu Blues with the standard Chinese Assault Rifle.

**Fixes:**
- Fixed incorrect NVTF settings being utilized by default from the stability presets.
- Fixed some leftover stuff from a moved hideout. 
- Fixed crashing in The Thorn.
- Fixed missing pickup interact animations for unique weapons.
- Fixed the Moonshine placed at the start of Havasu Blues being the static version.

**Additions:**
- Added Crafting XP.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated Snowglobe Flavour Text to version 1.1.1.
- Updated P6 - Barrels to version 2.5.
- Updated HV - Classic Turpentine to version 1.2.1.
- Updated Lumen - Ambient Lighting to version 2.1.
- Updated STARS TTW - Sweet's Total Armor Rework System to version 3.03.
- Updated EDGE to version 9.03.
- Updated EDGE - TGDCIO Patch to version 1.02.
- Updated Bullet Time Improved - a JAM Addon to version 2.20.
- Updated Vanilla Object Parallax Shader to version 1.4.

**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, and Hardercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - Slightly brightened Dry Wells terrain and objects at night.
  - Made significant contrast related adjustments to Havasu.
  - Significantly overhauled Havasu nighttime aesthetics.
  - Recategorized various Havasu interiors.
  - Added Dry Wells Cave Pack support.
  - Added Mojave Merchants and Desert Dealers support.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating/) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.4.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.2**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.2 version, AMD users should follow the [Disabling Ultra Low Power State (ULPS)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-nvidia-users---applying-nvidia-profile-) instructions.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.3**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.3 versions, repeat the [Installing New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-installing-new-vegas-reloaded-nvr-) instructions to update the mod to the newest version.

 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page!
- Use the command `?rank Uranium Fever User` in the `uf-discussion channel` Discord channel to receive update notifications on Discord.
