---
title: 1.4.0.4 - June 18, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.4.0.4 - June 18, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.4.0.4 - June 18, 2025 </p>

**Changes:**
- Made companion portraits persistently visible.
- Enable Unlawful Discharge and Wake Up mods in Point That Somewhere Else. Now shooting will wake up nearby NPCs and they will threaten you. Firing again will make them hostile. Shooting indoors causes the same behavior.
- Added notes to provide guidance in obtaining the Abandoned Safehouse.

**Fixes:**
- Fixed various bugs caused by EDGE scripts not being correctly compiled.
- Fixed inappropriately pathed Directional Sneak Indicator INI.
- Fixed erroneously displayed Snow Globe flavor text.
- Fixed Selectable Starting Karma not being save baked and being reverted upon reload.
- Fixed unclear water erroneously being disabled in Hardercore.
- Fixed A Smoke Before the Storm and Vegas Elysium not being properly patched.
- Fixed Pipboy counters not working with female characters.
- Fixed inappropriately pathed Generic NPC Namer INI

**Additions:**
- Added P6 - Barrels (Barrel Cooker).
- Added Autumn Leaves - Drop Books and Printing Cards.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated Mojave Faction Currency Adjustments to version 2.1.0.
- Updated 3D Grenade Indicator to version 2.1.1.
- Updated Simple Death to version 1.3.1.
- Updated Snowglobe Flavor Text to version 1.1.
- Updated Simple Water Extinguisher to version 1.1.
- Updated Don’t Block Me to version 1.4.1.
- Updated EDGE to version 9.02.
- Updated Apocalyptic Storms to version 1.4.
- Updated Autumn Leaves - Uncreative Edition to version 1.036.


**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, and Hardercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - Slightly reduced light reflection during non-rainy daytime.

**Notes:**
- Any bugs caused by EDGE associated event handlers failing to fire will persist in existing saves. This will include things like the raiders not appearing after killing Silver when trying to obtain the Abandoned Safehouse. Any event handlers that have not yet been activated will function as expected. If persistence of some of these bugs is concerning to you, please start a new save. 

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/updating/) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.4.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.2**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.2 version, AMD users should follow the [Disabling Ultra Low Power State (ULPS)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/setupinstructions/#-nvidia-users---applying-nvidia-profile-) instructions.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.3**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.3 versions, repeat the [Installing New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/setupinstructions/#-installing-new-vegas-reloaded-nvr-) instructions to update the mod to the newest version.

 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page!
- Use the command `?rank Uranium Fever User` in the `uf-discussion channel` Discord channel to receive update notifications on Discord.
