---
title: 1.4.0.3 - June 15, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.4.0.3 - June 15, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.4.0.3 - June 15, 2025 </p>

**Changes:**
- Reduced radiation intensity from Radstorms.
- Disabled bCompanionHitsCountAfterPlayerDamage and enabled bNoCompanionKillXP to impart the desired effect on companion related XP kills (the player must deal >40% damage to get XP from a kill).
- Slightly reduced sneak indicator radius and disabled it during combat.

**Fixes:**
- NVR shader optimizations have provided a fairly significant FPS improvement.
- Fixed permadeath not working correctly.
- Fixed inappropriate amounts of XP being removed when dying with Life After Death enabled (should have been 25 XP instead of 25% XP).
- Fixed Apocalyptic Storms delay to the degree possible; it will still cause storms immediately entering the Mojave Wasteland (simulates a 3 year time lapse), though it will no longer cause immediate storms upon entering the Capital Wasteland.
- Fixed crashes in the pip-boy stemming from Fast Travel Expenses.
- Fixed invisible rocks in Anchorage.
- Patched A Smoke Before the Storm cigarettes and Boiadero from Vegas Elysium.

**Additions:**
- Added P6 - Barrels.
- Added P6 - Mentats.
- Added 3D Trash.
- Added TTW Northern Greenery - New Grass.
- Added NVR - Lucky 38 Shadows Fix.

**Mod Updates:**
- Updated Life After Death to version 1.2.1.
- Updated EDGE to version 9.01.
- Updated Enhanced FOV to 1.087.
- Updated Character Build Presets to version 1.5.
- Updated LIDAR - Lincoln Display to version 1.2.
- Updated Sweet Pain - DC to version 1.19.
- Updated Aid Addon to version 13.54.
- Updated Vanilla SWEEP to version 2.25.
- Updated Apocalyptic Storms to version 1.3.
- Updated Enhanced Movement to version 1.27.
- Updated Fast Travel Expenses to version 1.3.
- Updated Lived In Series to version 1.9.1.
- Updated Hit - Locomotion to version 1.2.
- Updated Directional Sneak Indicator to version 1.5.
- Updated NPCs Sprint kNVSE to version 1.2.
- Updated New Vegas Mesh Improvement Mod to version 1.12.8hf3.
- Updated Tire Iron - The Definitive Edition to version 2.0.
- Updated New Vegas Map Marker Project to version 2.5.
- Updated Terminals Shock on Failure to version 1.3.1.
- Updated Desert Natural Weathers to version 7.8.1.
- Updated A Smoke Before The Storm - Tweaks to version 1.0.2.
- Updated Autumn Leaves - TTW Patch to version 3.4.1.
- Updated Skill Book Rebalance for TTW Extended to version 3.3.

**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, and Hardercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - Slightly reduced nighttime contrast in the Mojave Wasteland.
  - Slightly reduced darkness of puddles to make them less visually jarring.
  - Fixed the Piplight crash associated with gender change while piplight was active (thanks Cat!)
  - Fixed ring of light around the player preventing shadow display.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/updating/) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.4.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.
- **OLD  - 1.4.0.2**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.2 version, AMD users should follow the [Disabling Ultra Low Power State (ULPS)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/setupinstructions/#-nvidia-users---applying-nvidia-profile-) instructions.
- **NEW - 1.4.0.3**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.3 versions, repeat the [Installing New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/setupinstructions/#-installing-new-vegas-reloaded-nvr-) instructions to update the mod to the newest version (yes, again).

 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page!
- Use the command `?rank Uranium Fever User` in the `uf-discussion channel` Discord channel to receive update notifications on Discord.
