---
title: 1.4.2.0 - July 17, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.4.2.0 - July 17, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.4.2.0 - July 17, 2025 </p>

**Removals:**
- Removed Better Ghouls - No Roar, which is built into Enhanced Creatures with more customizability.
- Fully removed Friends With Benefits due to balance concerns.
- Removed Snowglobe Retextured, no longer needed with updated P6 - Classic Props.

**Fixes:**
- Fixed Anchorage mountain LOD transparency.
- Fixed Hunting Shotgun misalignment when weapon mods are attached.
- Fixed the fact that the reduction in NPC sprint speed was not taking effect as intended.

**Additions:**
- Added Enhanced Creatures.
- Added Dynamic Level Stat Choice.
- Added Hardcore Melee Needs.
- Added Greenhouse Rehoused.
- Added Kimball Portrait Replacer.
- Added Vanilla Texture Fix for xLODGEN.
- Added P6 - LAER.
- Added Softercore to the optional mods.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated New Vegas Script Extender (xNVSE) to version 6.4.1.
- Updated True Condition to version 2.0.
- Updated Parallax Shaders - Objects to version 1.5.0.
- Updated Fallout 3 TTW Interior Optimization Project to version 1.11.
- Updated Advanced 3rd Person Camera to version 1.044.
- Updated Generic NPC Namer to version 1.2.0.
- Updated Directional Sneak Indicator to version 1.7.1.
- Updated Desert Landscapes Revised to version 1.20.
- Updated Modern Old Mormon Fort to version 1.1.
- Updated Sandstone Desert TTW alpha fixes to version 1.03.
- Updated Tale of Two Landscapes to version 2.03.
- Updated TTW DC Metropolis TTW Intro Street Bus Patch to version 49.
- Updated Classic Props - P6 to version 1.5.

**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, and Hardercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - A large-scale revision of every world space focused on fixing bad contrast practices, adjusting sunrise/sunset coloration and intensity, adjusting day/night darkness, and minor tweaks in nearly every other capacity.

- Softercore:
  - Milder loot scarcity settings.
  - Hardcore needs accumulation rate is halved.
  - Weapon requirement penalties are reduced.
  - Terminal shock punishment when failing to hack a terminal is reduced.
  - The radius of irradiated locations is reduced.
  - Difficulty starts at normal but can be changed to Easy or Very Easy.

- SOFT AF:
  - Removed brahmin skull as it had unresolvable visual bugs.
  - Hopefully fully fixed Zion Trails train track transparency.
  - Added new custom Water Field map to Zion Trails.
  - Fixed shininess of mutfruit.
  - Added new custom Bureau of Special Affairs sign to replace broken old one.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.4.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.2**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.2 version, AMD users should follow the [Disabling Ultra Low Power State (ULPS)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-amd-users---disabling-ultra-low-power-state-ulps-) instructions.
- **OLD - 1.4.0.3**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.3 versions, repeat the [Installing New Vegas Reloaded (NVR)](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/setup#-installing-new-vegas-reloaded-nvr-) instructions to update the mod to the newest version.
- **OLD - 1.4.1.0**: For For updates from pre-1.4.1.0 versions, download the [YUPTTW Update](https://mod.pub/ttw/133/files) update and extract the contents into the `Modding > Uranium Fever > Mods > [NoDelete] [DB] Tale of Two Wastelands (TTW)` folder, selecting `Copy and Replace` when prompted.
- **NEW - 1.4.2.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.2.0 versions, download the [xNVSE Update](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/67883?tab=files&file_id=1000154821), extract it into your `Downloads` folder, then move all files **EXCEPT** the `Data` folder into the `Modding > Uranium Fever > [NoDelete] Stock New Vegas` folder, selecting `Replace` when prompted.

 **Community:**
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page!
