---
title: 1.5.0.4 - September 19, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.5.0.4 - September 19, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.5.0.4 - September 19, 2025 </p>

## <p align="center"> Details & Instructions </p>

**Notes:**
- This patch provides additional small fixes for bugs introduced in 1.5.0.0.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.5.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.5.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.

**Testing:**
- Please request the test role in the `uf-beta-testing > Uranium Fever Tester - Role Requesting Thread` thread.
- This role will be stripped from those who are non-participatory, provide low quality feedback, ask inappropriate installation questions, or otherwise abuse the role.

 **Community:**
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, please endorse the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page, which helps with visibility in Nexus Collections.
- Also please consider leaving a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page or on reddit! We value your feedback!
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- Submit custom Character Builds using the [Uranium Fever Build Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kev8Hy5SVXwskjZ95btF0B44KPSeBZw-5RHGz33SExo/copy?usp=sharing) to the `UF-character-builds` Discord channel!

**Fixes:**
- Fixed red dot sight being added to the 5.56 Rifle when the Long Barrel mod is applied.
- Fixed keybinds… again.
- Fixed missing trees and LOD in Zion Trail.
- Fixed the HyperBreeder safe key falling through the terrain.
 
**Changes:**

- Super mutants are now visually distinct between the two wastelands. 

**Removals:**
- Removed Lumen Essence 2.0.
- Removed Menace of the New West  - Fawkes Patch

**Additions:**
- Added Modern ISFX All-in-one
- Added Armored Wastelands - Mutants, patched and balanced around New Blood.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated JohnnyGuitar NVSE to 5.19
- Updated Tale of Two Wastelands Quick Start to 1.8.
- Updated P6 - Plasma Defenders to 1.1.
- Updated EDGE TTW - Early Decisions and Gameplay Enhancement to 9.05
- Updated Apocalyptic Storms to 1.5.2a
- Updated Into The Deep to 1.5.2
- Updated Sweet Scarcity to 1.42
- Updated Vegas Elysium Perks to 11.51
