---
title: 1.5.0.2 - September 14, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.5.0.2 - September 14, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.5.0.2 - September 14, 2025 </p>

## <p align="center"> Details & Instructions </p>

**Notes:**
- This patch provides several small fixes for bugs introduced in 1.5.0.0, as well as some new additions.

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **OLD - 1.5.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.5.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.

**Testing:**
- Please request the test role in the `uf-beta-testing > Uranium Fever Tester - Role Requesting Thread` thread.
- This role will be stripped from those who are non-participatory, provide low quality feedback, ask inappropriate installation questions, or otherwise abuse the role.

 **Community:**
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, please endorse the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page, which helps with visibility in Nexus Collections.
- Also please consider leaving a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page or on reddit! We value your feedback!
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!
- Submit custom Character Builds using the [Uranium Fever Build Planner](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kev8Hy5SVXwskjZ95btF0B44KPSeBZw-5RHGz33SExo/copy?usp=sharing) to the `UF-character-builds` Discord channel!

**Fixes:**
- Fixed Weathered 10mm Pistol using the wrong animations.
- Fixed robot dogs being leveled to the player.
- Fixed robot dogs causing BOS to be hostile to the player in the Citadel
- Fixed missing Sweet Scarcity requirement that led to uniques being removed. A patch script has been added to give all unique items removed by Scarcity to the player.
- Fixed the Chinese Stealth Manual appearing when picking up the Scout Handbook.
- Fixed using NVG and Thermal vision not using energy.
- Fixed out of place power boxes in Rivet City.
- Fixed keybinds on all profiles
 
**Changes:**
- Added mod added uniques to Sweet Scarcity KEYWORDS list.
- Bottle Caps now have a weight of 0.001 per change in Sweet Consumables. If you want no weight on bottle caps, play Softercore.
- Changed Point Lookout ticket back to vanilla cost.
- Removed the ability to add NVG and thermal vision to any head gear. 

**Removals:**
- Removed Better Transitions NVSE, implicated in crashes.
- Removed Hair Shine Fix, no longer needed with LENT 2.0.
- Removed Plasma Defender Beautification, replaced.

**Additions:**
- Added Unique Item KEYWORDS List.
- Added Pip-Boy Light Indicator.
- Added Ramshackled Doors Redone.
- Added FOV Slider.
- Added MAC-TEN Bricked UP.
- Added P6 - Plasma Defenders.
- Added DC NPCs - TTW Reputations Patch.
- Added Bobblehead Business - Quick Start Patch.
- Modern Concussion Effect.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated Drowning Visuals to 2.1.
- Updated Gambling Luck Rebalance to 1.1.3.
- Updated Lighting Enhanced Normal Textures (LENT) to 2.0.
- Updated Delayed Malcolm - AUGMENTED Edition to 1.4.
- Updated Fiend Helmet to 3.1.
- Updated Accurate NASA Stars to 2.3.
- Updated Sweet Scarcity to 1.41.
- Updated TCM's LOD Overhaul to 2.2.
- Updated Autumn Leaves - Uncreative Edition to 1.037.
- Updated Screen Blood Enhanced to 1.6.
- Downgraded JohnnyGuitar NVSE to 5.16 as 5.17 and 5.18 break various events.
- Updated Physically Based LOD to 1.7.
- Updated Apocalyptic Storms to 1.5.1.
- Updated Vegas Elysium Perk Pack to 11.50.
- Updated Aid Addon to 13.61.
- Updated Sweet Universal Water Bottling Patch to 2.01.
- Updated Quick Start to 1.7.
- Updated TTW Another Interior Mod to 1.2.
- Updated TTW A Trail of Crumbs to 1.8.


**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, Hardercore, and Softercore Updates:**
- Softercore:
 - Removed weight from currency.
