---
title: 1.5.0.0 - August x, 2025
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 1.5.0.0 -  August x, 2025
---

# <p align="center"> 1.5.0.0 -  August x, 2025 </p>

## <p align="center"> Details & Instructions </p>

**Notes:**
- The core features of this update are stability and a reduction in crashes, bugfixes, the addition of Sweet Scarcity and overhauled loot scarcity, and the addition of extra profiles. We hope you enjoy the update!

**Updating:**
- Please refer to [Updating Uranium Fever](https://uraniumfever.net/docs/main/updating) for further instructions.
- Altered or outdated lists will not be supported.
- Notifications of missing mods post-update are normal and reflect plugin merging.

- **New - 1.5.0.0**: For updates from pre-1.4.0.0 versions, a **NEW INSTALLATION** and **NEW SAVE** are **BOTH REQUIRED**.

 **Community:**
- If you’re enjoying the UF experience, please endorse the list on the nexus page (helps with visibility in Nexus Collections) and leave a review in the comments on the [Uranium Fever Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/89815?tab=posts&BH=3) page or on reddit!
- Submit Uranium Fever screenshots to the `UF-fever-screens` Discord channel for a chance to be featured on the website or loading screens!
- Submit custom Character Builds and scenarios for Immersive Fast Travel or Immersive Sleep in the `uf-submissions` Discord channel!

## <p align="center"> Changelog </p>

**Fixes:**
- Identified and removed a large source of memory leak and source of crashing caused by Height Randomizer.
- Significantly reduced overall memory footprint and associated memory crashing by targeting various landscape and location overhaul mods.
	- The goal was to remove mods affecting less frequently visited locations while retaining mods that affect areas visited repeatedly.
- Fixed LOD unloading abnormalities.
- Corrected the keybind displayed for the quest log, which is assigned to `Q`.
- Corrected the keybind displayed for quick trade, which is assigned to `View NPC + Hold L-Shift + E`.
- Removed the restrictions on use of aid items from the weapon wheel and quick select.
	- All aid items can now be used at any point in time.
	- This was in place to prevent players from inadvertently overhealing or removing status effects when unnecessary, though this had unintended bugs.
- Fixed extremely fast NPC sprinting.
- Fixed an exploit with caravaneers that allowed fully repairing gear for free.
- Fixed Semi-Transparent Door Glass not working.
- Mostly fixed some Mercenary Riot Armor clipping with the Pip-Boy, though there is still some mild residual clipping.
- Fixed Radio Script Runner not working.
- Fixed weather transitioning to rain without changing cloud coverage or ambient sounds.
	- Caused by Longer Weather Transitions, which has now been removed.
- Fixed permadeath not working.
- Fixed many object placement abnormalities.
	- Clipping rubble in NVDLC3SLSecuritronINT.
  - Clipping rubble in OVWestSewers02.
  - Floating mushrooms in Vault22d.
  - An overlapping toolbox in MonteCarloSuitesInterior.
  - A clipping cup in AWOPSummerSpringsBoardingHouse.
  - Clipping cliffs in NVDLC02ZionCanyon -8 -7.
  - A floating shelf in ZkbHayfordPetrolStation02.
  - A floating house in ZionTrail -18 -7.
  - A floating tree in ZIonTrail -6 -4. 
  - A clipping cliff in ZionTrail 7 5.
  - Various floating trees in ZionTrail -2 0.
  - A clipping tree in ZionTrail 13 10.
  - Clipping cliffs in ZionTrailWaterField 1 2.
  - Fixed disappearing water in ZkbRCUtility.
  - Fixed an invisible door in ZkbTrainYardServiceTunnel.
- Fixed various void related abnormalities.
	- A view of the void in VDLC023MarysCave.
  - A view of the void in ZkbVaultGroundHouseW.
  - A view of the void in ZkbVaultGroundHouseE.
- Fixed various landscape related abnormalities.
	- Inappropriate geometry in ZionTrail -14 -14.
	- A landscape seam in ZionTrail -5 -9.
	- Clipping terrain in ZionTrail -6 -10.

**Changes:**
- Added two new profiles.
	- High Quality Profile has been renamed to Ultra Quality Profile.
  - Standard Quality Profile has been renamed to High Quality Profile.
  - A new Standard Quality Profile has been created that disables various shaders based on FPS testing, including shadows, godrays, terrain, and wet world. This is the most performance friendly NVR preset possible.
  - A new Unloaded Profile has been created that reduces texture quality to be akin to old 8-bit games. This will NOT provide additional performance benefit, and is just a fun visual option.
- NVR is now provided with the UF installation and no longer needs to be manually installed or updated.
- Moved Wordle Hack to the optionals section, particularly due to difficulty of use for non-native English speakers.
- Moved Auto-Equip Weapon If Unarmed out of Optionals section, as additional configuration was added to facilitate melee builds.
- Significantly reduced the volume of main menu music.
- The weapon wheel hotkey has been changed to `Side Mouse Button 2`.
- B42 Descriptions will now be enabled by default in the Pip-Boy.
- Added Quick Trade support for over 100 mod added NPCs.
- Adjusted Charisma Affects Reputation settings to compensate for Radiant Infinium’s removal.
- Enabled various new features in Point That Somewhere Else, including reactions to shooting NPC’s owned objects, shooting near NPC’s feet, and waking up NPCs with gunshots.
- Disabled A Trained Mind (the skillbook perk in Into The Deep), which served difficult to appropriately balance.
- Replaced instances of Zion Trail scarfs with ones from STARS.
- Adjusted the Freepost Mojave settings to allow 500 weight storage maximum (increased from prior), start at 100 (increased from prior), upgrade incrementally by 50 weight (decreased from prior), and have a scaling cost associated with size upgrades and new box purchases (new feature added for UF).
- Reduced intensity of all hardcore need costs associated with Hardcore Melee Needs.
- Added Modern Night Vision support and ambient lighting to Riot Gear Helmets and the newly added unique Riot Gear in a Trail of Crumbs. 
- Disabled iConstantineUnique in TTW Tweaks due to a conflict with STARS.
- Rebalanced Chance’s Rifle in Dry Wells.

**Removals:**
- Removed Height Randomizer.
  - Massive source of memory leak, bloating memory by >0.5gb (of a total allotment of 4gb supported by New Vegas) after roughly 10 minutes of gameplay.
- Removed Famine and all related patches.
  - Replaced by Sweet Scarcity.
- Removed z-lib fix
  - Unnecessary, as we manually decompress our records.
- Removed Dead Money Gas Bomb Fixed.
	- Replaced by an alternative.
- Removed Zion Trail Double Plus Goodies.
	- Low quality and very poorly balanced.
- Removed Dry Wells Reloaded and Nuked Caves (Not Dry Wells Legion Expansion) .
	- Low quality and associated with various bugs, like door xmarkers being located in the void, and swimming through water into other water.
- Removed More Mojave.
  - Locations added by this mod were generally uninspired, generic, and unrewarding. 
  - A significant contributor to overall memory utilization of the list.
  - A significant contributor to the disparity of content between the two Wastelands.
  - Replaced by Mojave Scenery Overhaul.
- Removed Desert Landscapes Revised.
	- The single largest contributor to excess memory utilization in the list. 
	- Added clutter to every single inch of the Mojave Wasteland, rather than selectively targeting more frequently visited locations.
	- Lacked navmeshing, which caused significant issues with NPC pathing throughout the Mojave Wasteland.
	- Replaced by Mojave Scenery Overhaul, which adds clutter to objects in a more intentional manner (targeting more frequently visited locations preferentially) and has high quality navmeshing.
- Removed Mojave Backdrop Overhauled.
	- Replaced by Mojave Scenery Overhaul.
- Removed DC Farms.
  - Had a significant impact on memory utilization due to activators being persistent.
- Removed Capital Wasteland Settlements Redesign (CWSR).
  - The benefit of this mod did not outweigh the associated memory implications.
  - Associated with various bugs, particularly doctors functioning inappropriately across the game.
- Removed Springvale Garage.
  - Had significant undesired balance implications.
  - Precipitated too many repeat questions and complaints after being moved and restructured to address these balance concerns.
  - Minor contributor to overall memory footprint.
- Removed Abandoned Safehouse.
	- Precipitated too many repeat questions.
	- Had undesired balance implications.
  - Minor contributor to overall memory footprint.
- Removed Cerulean Robotics - Interiors Improved.
	- Not visited frequently enough to warrant the associated memory implications.
- Removed Sewers Restored.
	- Caused various bugs in the North Vegas sewers, including inappropriate rendering of water and memory crashes in the sewers it edited. 
- The sewers added by this felt aimless and redundant.
- Removed Cottonwood Cove - Slave Market.
	- Not visited frequently enough to warrant the associated memory implications.
- Removed Manny's Motel.
	- Not visited frequently enough to warrant the associated memory implications.
- Removed The Final Resting Place.
	- Not visited frequently enough to warrant the associated memory implications.
- Removed Sierra Madre Suite Windows - Restored Room Markers.
	- Now included in the main mod.
- Removed Radiant Infinium.
  - Associated with far too many bugs, particularly inability to complete and hand in, or even obtain, radiant quests.
  - Had originally been added to address other issues created by Friends with Benefits, which has since been removed.
  - Had a significant impact on memory utilization.
- Removed Hunting Shotgun - Arsenal Weapon Overhaul (AWO) - Remington 870 Wingmaster.
	- Replaced by an alternative.
- Removed True Holy Hand Grenade.
	- Replaced by an alternative.
- Removed Miniguns - ETJ Animations.
	- Replaced by an alternative.
- Removed Drone Cannon - Alt's Animations.
	- Replaced by an alternative.
- Removed Alien Blaster - Alt's Animations.
	- Replaced by an alternative.
- Removed Alien Disintegrator - Clean Animations.
	- Replaced by an alternative.
- Removed Crafting and Repair Animations
	- Associated with a bug where repair objects remain stuck on screen.
- Removed Simply Overhauled Dialogue - Odontogenic Metaphorical Yapping
  - Responsible for frequent repetition of the same ambient dialogue lines.
- Removed The Golden Archive.
	- Associated with a great many installation errors.
- Removed Longer Weather Transition.
  - Associated with various bugs, particularly weather changing to rain without associated changes in cloud coverage or sounds.

**Additions:**
- Added Sweet Scarcity.
	- This was designed specifically by request of the UF team to ameliorate many issues caused by Famine. 
	- Key features:
		- A wider variety of item categories are customized in various different circumstances (container, corpse, world placed).
		- Ammo is reduced in a binary fashion rather than frequent smaller stacks.
		- The condition of weapons and armor when found has been altered (higher when in containers, lower when world placed, lowest on corpses).
		- Scarcity intensity increases as player level increases.
		- Scarcity is affected by Luck.
		- Different worldspaces have different scarcity scaling (DC is 10% less likely than the Mojave to have loot removed, Point Lookout is 30% more likely to have loot removed).
- Added Off Limits - TTW.
- Added A World of Pain (AWOP) - NV - Roombound Project.
- Added Mojave Scenery Overhaul and various patches, including Sandy Roads, Remastered Quarries, and Mojave Scenery Overhaul.
	- This replaces several other mods that were removed in this update
- Added Megaton Outskirts - TTW.
	- The quality of life improvement of this mod outweighs the memory implications.
- Added Scrapyard Services - TTW.
	- The quality of life improvement of this mod outweighs the memory implications.
- Added Rockbreakers Quarry - TTW.
	- The quality of life improvement of this mod outweighs the memory implications.
- Added Shanty Arefu TTW.
	- The quality of life improvement of this mod outweighs the memory implications.
- Added Physically Based Vehicles - TTW Patch.
- Added Illuminated Villa - Buildings Only.
- Added Better Transitions - NVSE and the Fixed OWB Door Patch.
- Added Wasteland Decay - TTW
- Added D.C. Riot Gear - TTW, which was rebalanced for STARS and used as a replacement reward for Trail of Crumbs.
- Added Office Doorverhaul.
- Added Semi-Transparent Door Glass Glass Overhaul.
- Added Ark and Dove Cathedral Revival (Point Lookout Cathedral).
- Added Suburban Furniture HD Collection.
- Added Enhanced Spanner.
- Added P6 - Classic Miniguns (TTW).
- Added P6 - Explosives (TTW).
- Added FNV Clean Animations - Zeta Weapon Pack.
- Added Special FX - P6 - Barrels Patch.
- Added TTW Fuchs Run - Improved Border Sights.
	- This was previously removed temporarily to ameliorate memory related crashing, though we feel comfortable reading this now and feel it is worth it’s associated memory footprint.
- Added Helmet Overlay - MCM INI and customized the associated settings.
	- This was designed specifically for UF to reduce the opacity of the helmet overlay.

**Mod updates:**
- Updated DXVK to version 2.6.1.
- Updated Weapon Based Hands Clip Distance to version 3.0.
- Updated Advanced 3rd Person Camera to version 1.045.
- Updated Colorful UI Icon Support to version 1.9.1.
- Updated Sorting Icons (ySI) - Additional Icons to version 1.6.
- Updated Sorting Icons (ySI) - Additional Icons - Colorful Inventory Ycons Patch to version 1.6.
- Updated Character Build Presets to version 1.6.1.
- Updated Aim Collision Indicator to version 1.7.1.
- Updated Benny Humbles You and Steals Your Stuff to version 12.72.
- Updated No Naked Caravaneers to version 1.1.0
- Updated Quick Select to version 2.2.3-hotfix.
- Updated Quick Select Throwables to version 1.1.3.
- Updated The Freepost Mojave Express Expansion to version 2.0.2.
- Updated Don’t Block Me to version 1.4.3.
- Updated Goodies and INI to version 2.3.1.
- Updated Lived-In All-in-One to version 1.9.3.
- Updated The Great Mojave Interior Overhaul to version 1.9.3.
- Updated Sierra Madre Suite Windows to version 1.1.0.
- Updated Point That Somewhere Else and INI to version 2.18.3.
- Updated AGE - Anchorage Gameplay Expansion to version 11.08.
- Updated Manual Companion Consumable Consumption to version 1.05.
- Updated Hardcore Melee Needs to version 1.1.0.
- Updated Bypass Tools to version 2.01.
- Updated Sweet Vanilla Perk Overhaul to version 13.62.0.
- Updated Sweet Vanilla Perk Overhaul - TTW Patch to version 13.62.0.
- Updated New Blood to version 2.71.
- Updated SWEEP - Sweet Weapon Enhancement and Expansion Package - VANILLA VERSION to version 2.26.
- Updated Items Transformed - Enhanced Meshes (ITEM) to version 3.0.
- Updated Fallout 3 Interior Optimization Project.
- Updated Sandstone Desert to version 2.7.
- Updated DC Geology to version 1.11.
- Updated Decent Muck Pools to version 1.08.
- Updated 3D Trash to version 1.11.
- Updated P6 - Classic Props to version 1.5.1.
- Updated Thick Raider Helmet to version 2.0.
- Updated Type 4 - Compatibility Edition to version 1.3.
- Updated P6 - LAER to version 2.2.
- Updated Lumen to version 2.2.1.
- Updated Lumen Skinned Meshes to version 2.1.
- Updated Pip-Boy UI Tweaks to version 4.2.5.
- Updated Enhanced FOV to version 1.088.
- Updated Life After Death to version 1.2.2.

**Uranium Haze, Soft AF, Hardercore, and Softercore Updates:**
- Uranium Haze:
  - Comprehensively adjusted interiors to enhance color (such as lanterns and fire barrels being dim and blunted) while maintaining the intended dark aesthetics. Also adjusted the intensity of illumination provided by light sources and the Pip-Light.

- Soft AF:
  - Added PBR support for various texture.
  - Created a custom retexture a replacement model for Starlet’s Gaze from DMT.

- Hardercore:
  - Removed Famine settings, as the mod got removed. Sweet Scarcity settings for Hardercore will be created pending feedback on the base configuration of the mod.
  - Corrected the in-game tutorial message to correctly reflect hardercore changes.

- Softercore:
  - Further reduced the intensity of hardcore needs to 33% that of the base list. 
  - Removed Famine settings, as the mod got removed. Sweet Scarcity settings for Hardercore will be created pending feedback on the base configuration of the mod.
  - Adjusted Lockpick Overhaul settings so lockpicking is no longer significantly harder for locks above the player’s skill level
  - Allowed Ammo Press to hold more material and have a shorter cooldown.
